Now that you understand the basics of how to use things like iterators and spread operators and also
a for loop Let's go ahead and make a new file and I'm going to call this advanced underscore iterators
dot G-S.
And then after that we'll go down here comment out the script tag and then we'll add in a new script
tag like so with a nice sole source attribute advanced iterators perfect.
And then we can do a concert or log this to see if it works.
And it does work.
So essentially So far we've learned how we can use basic iterator functionality and also how convenient
it is to make them with generator functions and up to this far they are pretty useful but they can be
even more useful when they're applied to something that's more advanced than just iterating through
a collection.
With the advent of iOS 6 we're able to use iterators in generators to accomplish some pretty interesting
tasks.
So what we're going to do now is Diven some of the more advanced use cases of these new features of
javascript.